#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
catboost==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via uvicorn
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.86.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flake8==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.5.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.3
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy==0.990
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via mypy
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   xgboost
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.1
    # via catboost
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==2.5.3
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.11.0
    # via catboost
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.32
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via fastapi
pyflakes==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via uvicorn
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
scikit-learn==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   scikit-learn
    #   xgboost
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.0
    # via ipython
starlette==0.20.4
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.18.1
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via uvicorn
xgboost==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
